Migrating to Snowflake I (#1)
PromoFarma-Data/promofarmaENG: Data/README.md

> For being able to use the snowflake operator and s3 to snowflake operators in Airflow, their files, as well 
> as pf_utils.db must be placed in a folder that is added to the python PATH. For example, we have the operators in 
> the folder plugins. Please note that the operators contain default values that are useful just for us (we don't take
> them out for having them as examples) and there are some features into the official operators that we have removed for
> simplicity's shake because we don't need them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Snowflake and S3ToSnowflake operators in Airflow, their files and pf_utils.db must be placed in a folder that is added to the python PATH. For example, we have placed these operators in the plugins folder.   

Also, please note that these operators contain default values which are useful just for us (we haven't taken them out so that you have an example), and there are some features from the official operators which we have removed for simplicity's sake (we don't need them). 
```
